New OpenClaw AI browser agent. Here's
how to automate anything. So, OpenClaw
just shipped a new update that changes
what AI agents can actually do. Your AI
can now actually control your real
Chrome browser, not a fake one, not a
test environment, your actual Chrome,
which means it can open up your Gmail.
It can check your calendar. It can
browse LinkedIn. It can reach your
competitor's websites. It can tweet for
you and do all of it without you
touching a single button. This just
dropped and we're going to test it live
together right now. Now, I'm going to
show you exactly how to set up for free
in under 5 minutes. Zero technical
experience needed. And then we're going
to throw real tasks at Open Call and see
what it can actually do and see if this
works the way it's supposed to. So,
let's get straight into it. If you
haven't seen the update already, this is
the update as you see from Peter
Steinberger. And basically, this was
just posted yesterday and it comes with
a new live browser control that Google
added in the latest version of Chrome.
All right, this is the new version of
Chrome where you can basically let your
coding agents debug your browser session
which means you can get open cloth to
control your browser. So here's an
example. What I actually said was just
go to Google and check the latest AI
news and it used my live Chrome session
as you can see right here with a summary
of what we're doing. It pulls in the
tools and then it pulls back the latest
AI news. This is the browser tab that I
actually operated using, right? And so
now your claw can easily connect to your
Chrome and then it can go from there.
All right. So basically the way that you
can set this up is it's pretty simple.
There's just a a few browser um a few
terminal commands you can run. Right? So
number one what you need to do is you go
to this link right here. Right now what
this means essentially is you do remote
debugging. Right? So this allows
external apps to request full control of
your browser. Now once you've done that
and you just click the button to allow
remote debugging
then from here what you're going to do
is run this like so. All right. So
here's an example. You can run this
inside your terminal command and it just
checks that it's working. Right? Now
once you've run these commands, so just
to recap, step one, you go here, you
allow debugging. Then you run this
inside your terminal. Once you've done
that, then you're going to see something
that looks like this. So for example, if
we scroll up the chat here, you can see
that it's installed it directly, right?
And so it installs these tools. It gets
access to your browser and then you've
got a couple of options here. You can
use openclaw profile or you can use user
profile as well. Now user profile is
actually quite new. It attaches your
real Chrome session to using Chrome's
live browser control. And then you've
got openclaw profile which is basically
an isolated browser session that
openclaw manages itself. Right? So these
are two different browser modes that you
can use. So the user profile method
you go here enable remote debugging and
then you can test it from your terminal
right and then you just run these
commands like so. So for example, you
could say, okay, use my browser to check
Gmail, open the new browser profile,
inspect the page, uh, use live Chrome
session, use browser control, blah,
blah, blah, right? And basically, if you
want a simple mental model, openclaw is
a sandbox browser. User is your real
Chrome and Chrome relays the extension.
Um, as you can see right here. Now, each
time you use this, it's going to ask you
for permission to use it before it goes
off and does anything. So, that's pretty
useful as well because then you can
operate your browser with your agent,
but it's not going to run without you,
right? It's still going to ask you for
permissions first before it starts using
your Chrome browser. And so, you could
get it to post on social media for you.
You could get it to Google stuff, or you
could get it to choose um different
stuff. And, you know, here's a cool
little breakdown of of where it's run
the AI news update. And it's basically
checked. Okay, the top AI news working
right now. Now, just to uh show you the
limitations of this, I did actually try
running it inside school to just do like
a quick post and it struggled to do
that. So, some things it's not working
100% with, but it's still pretty
powerful and useful to use. And for most
of the stuff that I've checked it with,
so for example, like you know, um
checking different tabs or going on to
uh Google and that sort of thing, it can
run pretty well and it's pretty smooth.
So, let's talk about what this is and
how this works. Now just to recap what
is openclaw and you know if you're not
sure what openclaw is I'll keep this
quick. Open claw is a free open source
agent that runs on your computer. It's
like a smart robot system that lives
inside your computer right works with AI
models like GPT claude quen and others.
You can control it through a chat
interface just like texting someone. So
for example you could actually control
this via the gateway here locally or you
can control browser uh agents inside
telegram as well. Now what's new in this
new update right the one that just came
out. Well, OpenClaw now has something
called live browser control. And this
comes from a brand new feature that
Google just added to the latest version
of Chrome. And before this update,
OpenClaw could only control like a a
sort of fake browser it created, right?
A clean empty one with um no accounts
attached to it. Now, OpenClaw can
actually attach to your real Chrome
browser and that means it can basically
do anything. Um and there's a brand new
profile as well called the user profile
that makes this work. Now, there's three
browser modes you want to know. So mode
one is openclaw profile and this is like
the default mode right so open claw
launches a completely separate blank
Chrome browser no accounts no history
etc and if you just test this stuff out
I would just go with this right cuz
nothing personal was in there then
you've got mode two which is user
profile and this is your real browser so
this one you just have to be a bit more
careful with but this is the brand new
feature from yesterday's update openclaw
attaches directly to your already open
Chrome browser so your AI can now access
everything that you've already got
access to so if you need something
that's personalized to you um then you
would use this mode. Now the final mode
as well is Chrome relay the extension
method right. So this actually uses a
Chrome browser to uh extension to attach
to one specific tab. You choose manually
right but that is a lot more manual. So
mode two is the new one and this is the
easiest one and the most powerful as
well. Right. So the first thing you want
to do as well is just make sure you have
the newest version of Chrome. So you
want to just check the three dots in the
top right which you can see over here.
And then you go to help and about Chrome
and just make sure your version says 144
or higher. If it's lower, update Google
Chrome. From there, to set it up, this
is a magic switch that lets Open Claw
connect to your browser. So, you open up
Chrome and type this in the address bar.
So, you open up a new tab and you just
type this in and you can see it working
right here. Now, from there,
you just hit enter. Um, and you see a
page with a toggle checkbox, which is
this right here. Right? So, you just
click on that checkbox, turn it on, keep
Chrome open and running, and you um and
that's basically how it works, right?
Then from there, what you'll see is, you
can't see it on my screen, but it will
say Chrome is being controlled by uh
test software. That's what it's going to
say. And then you can just start the
user profile from your terminal. So you
open up your terminal, which is um you
just literally if you're on a Mac, you
press command and space and type in
terminal to access it. And then from
here, you can run these commands one at
a time, right, which you can see right
here. And then when OpenClaw tries to
connect, you'll always get a popup
showing you and asking you to approve
it. So you can just click accept or
allow and then just check it actually
worked right after running this you can
uh run the status command and you should
see this which means it's working and
that's basically it. Now, how do you
actually get the OpenClaw to use your
browser? Well, you don't need to
memorize commands or anything like that.
You just talk to it like a human, right?
So, here's some examples of what you can
use and how you can use it. And OpenClaw
is smart enough to figure out which
browser mode to use on its mo on its own
most of the time, right? But basically,
like you can see here,
it's as simple as this. Like go to
Google and check AI news, right? for
example. There's a lot more you can do
with it, but just as a simple example
that definitely works, I wanted to show
you that right there. And that's
basically it for the
um examples. Right now, just be careful
as well, right? Because, you know, if
you're using this um if you're not sure
what you're doing, I wouldn't use it.
But if you're if you're quite technical
and you like customization, this is
super powerful. I wouldn't give it
open-ended instructions without
reviewing that first. I'd always be very
specific and clear about what you want
it to do as well. And if you're not
sure, just use the openclaw sandbox
profile for anything you're testing or
unsure about. Only use a user profile uh
when you genuinely need your logged in
session. So you can use a quick uh test
like this for example. And if something
doesn't work, you can use uh these
debugging instructions, right? So if it
if it can't connect, you can just make
sure you do this. Make sure you have the
new version of Chrome and make sure
you've enabled this. If it's controlling
the ROM browser, you're probably on the
open claw profile, not the user profile.
So you would explicitly say use a user
profile. If you're struggling on Linux,
there's actually a troubleshooting
document right there. And if you're on
Windows, it may be different as well.
Bear in mind, I'm doing this on a Mac
Studio. So that's basically it for the
new AI browser agent update. Just to
recap, OpenCore is a free AI agent that
runs on your computer and can control
browsers. The new beta feature um adds
live browser control using Google's
newest Chrome feature. There are three
browser modes. OpenCore which is the
sandbox user your real browser which is
a new update and Chrome relay which the
extension attach I stopped using the
Chrome relay just because it was kind of
buggy and it was a lot of manual work
still right whereas if you use the user
profile this is automated and you just
chat to your open call and then to use
it you need Chrome 144 and you need to
enable remote debugging at this address
then you can run this inside your
terminal to connect your AI will ask you
for permission click allow when the
pop-up appears and once connected you
can just talk to your AI naturally
inside Open Claw and just be careful
with this stuff. So, that's basically
it. That's the whole update. Now, if you
want all the video notes from today,
we've actually created a full
step-by-step guide on how to use this,
how it works, the full framework, um a
30-day road map for mastering this as
well with step-by-step prompts, and also
list of 100 prompts that you can use,
for example, for lead generation with
OpenClaw, AI agents, uh content creation
prompts for browser automation, research
and intelligence prompts, etc. This is
all inside the video notes from today
inside the AI profit boarding like you
can see. So there's a full guide right
here and also we update this daily. So
for example, you see here we've got like
a full 6-hour course, another 3-hour
course right here. And this is my AI
profit boarding community with 2,600
members. Now inside here, we're focused
on growing, learning, and scaling with
AI automation. So if you want to learn
this stuff, if you want to get a
community of people all doing similar
things to you, then check this out. link
in the comments description or go to the
aiprofitboard.com
and then from here you can ask
questions, you can get help and support.
You can see inside the calendar that we
have four weekly coaching calls that you
can jump on. You can connect with people
inside your local area and you can see
them on the map and then also inside the
classroom you get access to all my best
training. So for example, if you want to
go from beginner to expert with AI
automation, you can learn that in just 5
weeks and learn how to build your first
AI agent in under five minutes. If you
want to learn my playbooks on how I
automate AI avatar videos, Instagram
shorts, newsletters, Twitter, etc., you
can get that right here. If you want to
get the new daily updates, so we add
every single day. So, it's a very active
community with lots of cool stuff going
on. And you can see we had new daily
guides and video tutorials like so. So,
yesterday for example, we covered this
new model that you can run for free with
openclaw. And then also, you can get uh
an agency course on how to get more
clients. You can watch about the
coaching course. You can learn how to
rank number one on Google and AI search
engines and then also how to grow a
YouTube channel based on what's working
for me with AI.